# FindYourPath

“Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul alike”. John Muir wrote this more than one century ago, but it seems that it is even more important now for us to take some time to be with ourselves and with nature to heal and nourish our spirit and be prepared to face the challenges of our everyday lives. With the effect of the current pandemic, outdoor recreational activities that take us away from disturbing news reports, boredom and stress, and bring us closer to a peaceful natural environment are becoming increasingly more important. In these outdoor recreational activities, trails play a significant role. In this project, we developed a web map that will help people to find the appropriate trails at San Marcos (TX) based on location, trial difficulty, user trail issues and weather conditions. 
People find it difficult to choose the appropriate trail due to lack of information regarding their location and distance. Other concerns that often arise when selecting a trail include issues or obstacles the user may face while on those trails. For example, high precipitation can contribute to trail degradation, rendering it unusable or dangerous for activities such as hiking and cycling. To alleviate these concerns, we have created an interactive web map that will help people identify nearby trails. It will also facilitate the trails’ visitors to update conditions like drainage issues, erosion, fallen trees, etc. This information will be beneficial for future visitors to choose the appropriate trail according to their needs and allow for a grassroots effort to identify and resolve trail issues.
